product: Add AGENTS.md and AI agent usage guidance (#31)
spacecubics/scobc-product-manual: AGENTS.md

# Using this repo as a reference

This repo is the **SC-OBC Module A1 Product Manual** (Document Number: SC-ESP-00050),
covering hardware, software, and FPGA documentation for the Space Cubics SC-OBC Module A1,
an on-board computer for CubeSats of 3U size and larger. If you were pointed at this repo
to answer engineering questions about that hardware (pinouts, register maps, board layout,
Zephyr driver usage, etc.), this file is for you. A rendered version is also online at

> https://spacecubics.github.io/sc-docs/, but this checkout is the authoritative full-text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://docs.spacecubics.com/, but this checkout is the authoritative full-text
```
